fix and improve duplicate-mutable-accounts lesson (#531)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/program-security/duplicate-mutable-accounts.md

```typescript
describe("duplicate-mutable-accounts", () => {

> 	...
> 	it("Invoke insecure instruction with the same player should be successful", async () => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ...
    it("Invokes insecure instruction with the same player successfully", async () => {
```

Reviewer: Please see https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#jsts re: BDD.

```typescript
describe("duplicate-mutable-accounts", () => {
	...
    it("Invoke secure instruction with different players should be successful", async () => {
    await program.methods
      .rockPaperScissorsShootSecure({ rock: {} }, { scissors: {} })
      .accounts({
        playerOne: playerOne.publicKey,
        playerTwo: playerTwo.publicKey,
      })
      .rpc();

    const p1 = await program.account.playerState.fetch(playerOne.publicKey);

>     const p2 = await program.account.playerState.fetch(playerTwo.publicKey);

Reviewer: `player` and `player` per 'use full names' https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#code

    assert.equal(JSON.stringify(p1.choice), JSON.stringify({ rock: {} }));

>     assert.equal(JSON.stringify(p2.choice), JSON.stringify({ scissors: {} }));

Reviewer: Can we do this without the `JSON.stringify()`? `assert.deepEqual()` or similar?

  });

  it("Invoke secure instruction with the same player should throw an expection", async () => {
    try {
      await program.methods
        .rockPaperScissorsShootSecure({ rock: {} }, { scissors: {} })
        .accounts({
          playerOne: playerOne.publicKey,
          playerTwo: playerOne.publicKey,
        })
        .rpc();

>     } catch (err) {

Reviewer: See https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#jsts

```
catch (thrownObject) {
  const error = thrownObject as Error
  ... 
}
```

your program under the assumption that two same-typed accounts will be different
instances of an account but don't explicitly write that constraint into your
program. Always think about the behavior you're expecting from the program and
whether that is explicit.

If you want to take a look at the final solution code you can find it on the
`solution` branch of
[the repository](https://github.com/solana-developers/duplicate-mutable-accounts/tree/solution).

## Challenge

Just as with other lessons in this unit, your opportunity to practice avoiding
this security exploit lies in auditing your own or other programs.

Take some time to review at least one program and ensure that any instructions
with two same-typed mutable accounts are properly constrained to avoid
duplicates.

Remember, if you find a bug or exploit in somebody else's program, please alert
them! If you find one in your own program, be sure to patch it right away.

<Callout type="success" title="Completed the lab?">
Push your code to GitHub and
[tell us what you thought of this lesson](https://form.typeform.com/to/IPH0UGz7#answers-lesson=9b759e39-7a06-4694-ab6d-e3e7ac266ea7)!
</Callout>

> ---

Reviewer: This appears to be a second copy of the lesson!
